Feature/Test pipeline for Github (#110)
devonfw/hangar: documentation/github/setup-test-workflow.asciidoc

= Setting up a Test Workflow on Github Actions

> In this section we will create a test workflow on Github Actions for running project test cases. This workflow will be configured in order to be triggered every time the build workflow is executed successfully on a commit, and consumes the artifact produced by the build workflow.

Reviewer: Maybe change the triggering part, as now it is configured to be executed manually or inside or ci pieline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we will create a test workflow on Github Actions for running project test cases. This workflow will be configured in order to be executed manually or  inside a CI workflow (see documentation about the CI workflow for more info: <link to it when it will be done>), and consumes the artifact produced by the build workflow.

```

Reviewer: not totally sure for the suggestion

The script located at `/scripts/pipelines/github/pipeline_generator.sh` will automatically create this new branch, create a test workflow based on a YAML template appropriate for the project programming language or framework, create the Pull Request, and if it is possible, merge this new branch into the specified branch.

== Prerequisites

* This script will commit and push the corresponding YAML template into your repository, so please be sure your local repository is up-to-date (i.e you have pulled latest changes with `git pull`).

* [Optional] Having some knowledge about the application, in particular knowing if, when tested, it produces a log file or some other blob (e.g. performance profiling data) interesting to be kept as an artifact.

== Creating the pipeline using provided script

=== Usage
```
pipeline_generator.sh \
  -c <config file path> \
  -n <pipeline name> \
  -l <language or framework> \
  -d <project local path> \

>   --build-pipeline-name <build pipeline name> \

Reviewer: now build pipeline name is not used anymore

  [-a <artifact source path>] \
  [-b <branch>] \
  [-w]
```

NOTE:  The config file for the test workflow is located at `/scripts/pipelines/github/templates/test/test-pipeline.cfg`.

=== Flags
```
-c, --config-file           [Required] Configuration file containing workflow definition.
-n, --pipeline-name         [Required] Name that will be set to the workflow.
-l, --language              [Required] Language or framework of the project.
-d, --local-directory       [Required] Local directory of your project.

>     --build-pipeline-name   [Required] Build pipeline name.

Reviewer: build pipeline name not used anymore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
